Week 4 
Installed package titled 'learnr'. However, discovered this package was unsatisfactory as to what I was looking for. 
UK Biobank application had to have a case escalation at the request of my supervisor due to exorbitant pricing for data collected. 
Began practising saving items from R into Github, albeit this process was confusing to me I have it figured out now and will be using this to upload furture weekly reports including this one. 
Continued researching how to use R, mainly using the online available for free source, The Big Book of R but also looked for further material. 
Week 5
Update on UK Biobank application; The reduced price was accepted and now only processing the payment is left. 
In anticipation for the data becoming available I redownloaded the document aforementioned in my Week 3 report, detailing what is to be done with the data after it's been made available. 
I practiced R coding on an online website that gave simple exercises to familiarise oneself to coding and view the basics. 
I took a library book out on load titled Exploratory Data Analysis Using R by Ronald K. Pearson, this book contains a wealth of information regarding the direction my project will be heading from initial data exploration to model building.
Week 6
Payment was transferred and a receipt was recieved as proof. While awaiting for the data to be released I continued trying to ground myself in the functionings of R. As ggplots would be heavily relied on I went through various books in the library, only one contained adequate information on the ggplot functionings however and this was 'Practical data science with R' by W. Zumel. Other books I found prefer to avoid the ggplot as it appears to be a more advanced graphing system, however with this comes efficiency. One such other book I looked at was 'Deep learning with R' by F. Chollet, which while provides little mention of the ggplot, it does cover models to a higher degree which may be useful. 
Week 7
The data has still not been released, as the due date for the report is approaching I have started my write up on what I have so far. This for the most part includes details on the UKBiobank application process and the SNPs which have been requested for. I have not been using the template as I have found it easier to start a rmarkdown file from scatch, however I have been using it for guidance. Over the easter break I did a tutorial on markdown at markdowntutorial.com which has proven to be very helpful (for putting words into bold for example) and I have a printed rmarkdown cheatsheet which has also provided some help, tabulating however has been a challenge so far. 

